CardView - demos - Overview description (#30036)
DevExpress/DevExtreme: apps/demos/Demos/CardView/Overview/description.md

The DevExtreme CardView component allows you to display business data using a 'card' UI metaphor — a visually engaging alternative to traditional grid views. Use it for employee directories, contact lists, product catalogs, or task boards.
<!--split-->

CardView ships with the following built-in data management capabilities:  

- Sorting
- Paging
- Column reordering
- Column visibility control
- Editing
- Filtering
- Searching
- Data selection

> Each card within the CardView is customizable, with UI elements such as toolbars, covers, and footers (allowing you to adapt layouts as requirements dictate).  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each card within the CardView is customizable, with UI elements such as toolbars, covers, and footers that allow you to adapt layouts. 
```
